DataGrid: update the Cell Customization demo (T1175367) (#2679)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/ExcelJSCellCustomization/description.md

- Text <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#alignment" target="_blank">alignment</a>        
- <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs#number-formats" target="_blank">Formatting</a> properties    

The [customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportDataGridProps/#customizeCell) function also allows you to identify row types. For example, this demo changes the background color and font weight for cells with the "group" [rowType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Row/#rowType).

> You can specify a cell used as a start position for export data. For this purpose, assign an object with the cell coordinates to the [topLeftCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps/topLeftCell/) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the cell used as the start position for exported data. For this purpose, assign an object with the cell coordinates to the [topLeftCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps/topLeftCell/) property.
```
